BookA-Pset_GeoObsLineation (#603)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/d/DefiningElement_2ZmUzi2L1FPfWOuad7mKFO/Documentation.md

> Kinds of describable inhomogeneity in a rock body that may define a GeologicStructure. Examples include Oriented Particle.

Reviewer: This sounds like it needs a reference. "GeologicStructure" and "Oriented Particle" look like identifiers that are probably defined somwhere.

Author: @j-weil

Author: Domain experts feel like leaving as is.

> Kinds of describable inhomogeneity in a rock body that may define a GeologicStructure. Examples include Oriented Particle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kinds of describable inhomogeneity in a rock body that may define a geologic structure. Examples include oriented particle.
```
